UC3_Check_ED_Load.md, before:

| Use case       | UC-3 ED Load Checking   <br> history created 24/09/2023 Oliver Ware, last modified 24/09/2023 |
|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Description    | What Happens             
| Actors         | who's involved?                                                    
| Assumption     | what should be true when starting this use case? |
| Steps          | How to do process
| Variations     | N/A|
| Non-functional |   Reliability:  <br> Priority:  |
| Issues         |   issues... |

Commit message:

filled out UC3_Check_ED_Load data

UC3_Check_ED_Load.md, after:

| Use case       | UC-3 ED Load Checking   <br> history created 24/09/2023 Oliver Ware, last modified 24/09/2023 |
|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Description    | When the user chooses to view the current load on the ED,            
| Actors         | Patient/User (Primary), computer/device with access to the Mister ED System                                                  
| Assumption     | 1.) The Mister ED System is Online/Active <br> 2.) The user can access the Mister ED welcome/home page |
| Steps          | 1.) On the welcome/ home page, the user selects the "Check Current load" button <br> 2.) The screen updates the current page to the one displaying the ED load measurement <br> 3.) The User can now view the current load on the ED
| Variations     | N/A|
| Non-functional |   Reliability: the load data for the ED will be accurate within the most recent 5 minutes  <br> Usability: The displayed data for the ED load will update without the need for the user to reload the page <br> Security: Only the Current load data can be accessed  |
| Issues         |   The ability to access Load data may be lost to the user for the duration of a power failure or duration taken to update the mister ED system |
